--- LEGAL STUFF ---

My code is provided under a Creative Commons Attribution license (for details
please see: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/). In summary, you are
free to use the code for any purpose as long as you remember to mention my
name (Torben Sko) at some point. Also please note that my code is provided AS
IS with NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF DESIGN,
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


--- PURPOSE ---

A PHP page to collate the CSV view data (max of 31 days per file) provided via
YouTube's Insight service into a single MySQL database


--- REQUIREMENTS ---

- command line PHP 
- MySQL database


--- SETTING UP ---

1. Log onto YouTube, navigate to your videos, click 'Insight' and manually
download the CSV reports for your video. The easiest way to get the reports is
to set your range to 1 month and then manually slide the date range to the
first of each month, remembering to click the 'csv' link at the bottom of the
page. This script handles overlaps, so don't worry if you have the data for a
particular date more than once

2. The CSV files should download and expand into folders called
"insight_VIDID_STARTDATE-ENDDATE_world". Place all these folders into another
folder called vid_VIDID (where VIDID is replaced with the name of your video)
and place this folder into your repo folder (i.e. your copy of this Git
repository). Some sample data is included as part of this repo. Make sure
data follows the same structure.

3. Copy the file 'db_details.php.bak' to 'db_details.php', making sure the
details within the file match your own setup. If you don't have a password set
on your local database, you should be safe to use the default values

4. Open your terminal/console, navigate to your repo folder and run the
command: ./run_me.sh

5. Your view data will now be in a single table in your local MySQL database.
You can then use a tool like R to plot and manipulate this data (see the
included view.r script as an example)
